Add clarification to FAQ on how OSV.dev handles withdrawn records. (#2295)
google/osv.dev: docs/faq.md

array is empty. This field, when empty, is omitted in the API output, and
present (but empty) in the [data exports](#is-the-database-available-to-download).

## How does OSV.dev handle withdrawn records?

> Records that have the [`withdrawn`](https://ossf.github.io/osv-schema/#withdrawn-field) field set will be excluded from the responses of POST API queries and from the main [list page](https://osv.dev/list).

Reviewer: This might read a bit better and more comprehensively

```suggestion
Records that have the [`withdrawn`](https://ossf.github.io/osv-schema/#withdrawn-field) field set will be excluded from:
* the responses to POST API queries
* the main [list page](https://osv.dev/list) and related search results
```

> The entry remains and will be served via either the `/vulns/<ID>` GET API, or the `https://osv.dev/vulnerability/<ID>` page.

Reviewer: Give this the same treatment as the previous section

```suggestion
The entry remains in the database, and:
* is returned by the `/vulns/<ID>` GET API
* is visible at `https://osv.dev/vulnerability/<ID>` page (and clearly visibly marked as "withdrawn")
* still exported in the [GCS exports](#is-the-database-available-to-download) (including the `withdrawn` field)
```

## How does OSV.dev handle deleted records?

> When a record is deleted from an upstream source, OSV.dev handles them differently depending on where they're imported from:

Reviewer: Clarify that this is a work in progress earlier.

```suggestion
When a record is deleted from an upstream source, OSV.dev currently handles them differently, depending on where they're imported from:
```
